---
aliases:
  - "Attention: Kyle Larkan"
tags:
  - Keep/Archived
---

I trust that this finds you well. 

I have been given a lot to think about since Gail, Myself and the kids were visiting at your parents house on Sunday. Gail was most disappointed with the way I had isolated myself from everyone, and made it visibly clear that I did not feel comfortable being there. 

After confronting me about my behaviour and we had yet another long discussion about my feelings and behaviour, and the consequences it bares on our future and relationship. She has already lost so much respect and quality time with her family because of the actions of people who were supposed to love her and care for her, but instead consistently and persistently crippled her with their deceipt, dishonesty, abuse and complete lack of any loyalty or consideration. She would very much like to now be able to repair those bonds with her family that have been broken for far too long. 

This left me feeling extremely conflicted within myself, because the reason I was feeling so uncomfortable and felt the need to isolate myself, was because of the anger, disdain and contempt that I feel towards you, for the way you have repeatedly, not only shown yourself to be duplicitous, but also disloyal, and chose to rather place that loyalty with the very same tragladites that have and still to this day cause so much hurt, damage and mayhem in hers and her children's lives. 

I can count on 3 seperate occasions, off the top of my head where you have shown us that you either do not have an understanding of what loyalty is, or you just chose to be loyal to the perpetrators of her destruction, which then places you squarely inline with them. The fist instance was when you ran straight to Ricky and told him that I was using with Monique, not only did you have no actual account of that and it was at very best hearsay, but I had told you that in confidence, however I surmised that your motivations were pure and in the best interests of Gail and her babies, so I accepted that. The second time was when you again contacted Ricky, and undermined the efforts of your own mother and Gail, to help Zoey after her father had kicked her out the house and abandoned her like she was a broken appliances, which to be fair is all he can see in her since to Ricky she is just another women to use, and abuse for his bidding, however you professed that you had only been trying to diffuse the situation, and had honourable intentions, and again I gave you the benefit of the doubt and because I did not want to lose a friend I spoke to Gail and suggested she give you some leniency, and again allowed you back into our circle, and showed you love and trust. The third time however you already had a guilty conscience about what you had chosen to do, or you would not have felt the need to try and explain yourself to Gail for doing what you did. You helped uplift and advocate for the very same person who had repeatedly physically, emotionally, and  psychologically abused and crippled her for years, draining her and her children of any support or stability, inspite of all the effort she made. You were privvy to more than most, and witnessed first hand the mayhem and torment she had to endure. Yet knowing full well how she felt about it, you still decided to align your loyalty with him, and after she confronted you, you chose to rather challenge her and take it a step further by standing up in court at his side, to advocate for him and his request to re-unify with his children. You did not do that because your motivations were for the best interests of Gail and her children, you did that to satisfy your own selfish needs, what exactly that is I am not sure, were you doing it because you thought it would help you feel better for the way in which you had failed your own children, or were you doing it because you were using with him and that was how you were paying for yours, I don't know. To be honest I don't actually care why you did it because I know it was not to protect Gail or the kids. 

This may not have been directly an act of disloyalty towards me, personally, but you showed that you do not have any loyalty towards Gail. I love Gail and her children Adam and Taysley very much, and I work extremely hard every day to take care of them, support them and try my best to repair all the trauma and damage that was done by that individual in particular. I have watch the way she struggles with the guilt she feels every single day, because she didn't have the confidence or strength to leave the situation sooner with her children, but because she believes in family and that family sticks together and that forgiveness is important, she tried her very best to make her family work until there came a point when she realized that there was no more hope of it ever being a happy family. You were the one who arrived to support her and help her get back on her feet, you knew full well the severity of the situation and trauma that was being recovered from, yet you still chose to align yourself with him. So as far as I am concerned you are just as bad as him, if  not more so, because you are family, you told her she could trust you, you were meant to protect her and her children but you chose not to. 

All that being said I am now choosing to put my anger, my disrespect and the contempt I feel aside and give you another chance to prove that your disloyalty and duplicitous nature are in fact just who you are. If you were anyone else, I would very easily never acknowledge that you exist ever again and not have moments worry about it. However you are Gail's sister's son, and you are family to her, and that is something that she values very dearly, and has made it quite clear that she wants her family to be a part of hers and her childrens lives.

So for the happiness and comfort of everyone else in the family, and most importantly for Gail, whom I love dearly and will do my very best to protect and guard, I will acknowledge you going forward, and I will tolerate your presence. I will join the family gatherings and be a part of the festivities, because I will not let your actions come between myself and Gail, nor will I let your actions be the reason Gail loses any further time with her family. 